Add network metrics to process semantic conventions (#2556)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/semantic_conventions/process-metrics.md

| `process.memory.virtual`  | UpDownCounter                                     | By    | The amount of committed virtual memory.                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `process.disk.io`         | Counter                                           | By    | Disk bytes transferred.                                                                                                             | `direction` SHOULD be one of: `read`, `write`                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `process.network.io`      | Counter                                           | By    | Network bytes transferred.                                                                                                          | `direction` SHOULD be one of: `input`, `output`                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Do we also have "device"? similar with `system.network.io`?

Reviewer 2: @bogdandrutu Could we perhaps add it later if/as needed? I have seen a few Collector receivers (and similar components, e.g. DDog integrations) reporting the in/out bytes, without specifying which device. 

My impression overall is that, from a system perspective (`system.network.io`) it's more common to get the device info, and not so common for process level metrics.

Reviewer 2: Ping @bogdandrutu  ;)

Reviewer: I am fine if this information is not easily accessible.

> | `process.network.io`      | Counter                                           | By    | Network bytes transferred.                                                                                                          | `direction` SHOULD be one of: `input`, `output`                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `process.network.io`      | Counter                                           | By    | Network bytes transferred.                                                                                                          | `direction` SHOULD be one of: `in`, `out`                                                                                                                                                 |
```

@carlosalberto good point! We already use in and out here and should stay consistent:

https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/0c793b450098e8d7a739e575897707f7db08d8ce/specification/metrics/semantic_conventions/instrumentation/kafka.md?plain=1#L23

https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/ef5dc5f4d1d187ae44d1e2a1c3938e074d17bfdc/specification/metrics/semantic_conventions/system-metrics.md?plain=1#L58-L59

Reviewer 2: @reyang For network I think I slightly prefer `in` and `out` - also we are already using `in`/ `out` as pointed out by @arminru 

For local operations we can stick to `read` and `write` though (they also sound better for local context).

Author: Updated to `in`/`out`

> 

Reviewer 3: CHANGELOG please 🙂

Author: Added
